hey this is Anthony with RevZilla TV and
welcome to our detailed breakdown of the
abus granite victory X plus 68 disk lock
system there's also the granite victory
X plus 68 disk lock system with the
chain from an application standpoint
this is a different spin on your
traditional disc lock it's going to come
with the X plus system from Avis which
is the anti pick anti pull anti weather
anti-freezing 1.4 million combination
laser cut key system which is their top
of the line and you're going to get this
14 millimeter bolt that's going to go
through the back of your disc lock lock
in here and this is going to connect to
your bike the beauty of this is it's a
little bit it's done a little
differently it has this rubberized piece
that goes around the outside that's anti
scratch but it's built to spin so it's
really really tough to get a cuts on
there to cut through remember you're
investing in security for your bike this
piece is going to lock onto the front
disc of the brake and keep someone from
rotating your wheel 360 degrees that
potentially move your bike but really
pieces like this really act as
heavy-duty deterrents as well the
difference between Avis now this is
going to be a piece that's going to be
right around that hundred dollar range
it's really really heavy-duty stuff
you're getting a lot of bang for your
buck it's tempered steel its proprietary
steel
abus manages the process from sourcing
all the way through manufacturing to
machining in the middle there are almost
a hundred year old company based out of
Germany they're the number one padlock
producer in the world and they're the
number one lock maker of any kind in
Europe right now they're making a big
splash in the States this stuff is super
premium it's nicer than just about most
of the most of the locks we've seen on
the American market and a lot of those
guys are household names but are sourced
from China are done third-party abus
does everything start to finish now we
talked about the key a little bit the
abus or the the granite Victory X plus
68 is also going to come with this
memory system it's going to connect to
the bolt and then it's going to come up
and it's going to connect to your
handlebar and what this is going to do
is it's going to be bright yellow a
thief will potentially see this and be
potentially deterred but it's also going
to let you know before you move your
bike when it's time to get rolling that
you have the disc lock that's attached
so to make sure that you're not going to
try to move the bike while it's still
attached kind of a reminder cable but
also a theft deterrent as well
also comes with a storage pouch and the
beauty of Avis one of the other things
is these locks are typically almost
twice as strong as something comparable
from the competitor but they're forty to
sixty percent lighter that really makes
a difference when you get into chains
like this and you see this is a squared
chain it comes with an eyelet this is
going to be between your hundred and
fifty dollar and two hundred dollar
range but really it's the same thing
it's a slightly longer bolt in the
middle but you're going to be able to
connect this to to to anything off of
the bike whether it's a bicycle or your
motorcycle but it's really really
heavy-duty stuff it's that same
proprietary steel process it's a square
bolt which is our squared chain link
which is going to be much hard to cut
your this heavy-duty textile which is
non scratch to keep the chain away from
a scratch bowl components on your bike
but again a theft deterrent system like
this is really just dramatically
increasing the amount of time that a
determined thief would take to be able
to mobilize your bike to be able to lift
it or steal it so if you have any
questions about where the the granite
victory
68 falls into the mix you know in the
disc locks it's really one of the more
high-end components going to be kind of
on par with something like the sledge or
you could take a step down to something
like a little more basically to trigger
or like the pro vogue but shoot us a
line
see us at revzilla.com or